In the last lecture we worked on our simple end point returning some data as Jason and we talked about
some fields that are returned but we don't necessarily want them such as commendable type 4 for example.
So let's go to the Visual Studio code or we can close these classes and as an example let's open the
User class.
So this is our user model and this was added by a of.
So there is this field called Hayden and it contains two entries password.
And remember token so why is this inside the User model so you can also refer to the documentation link
included hiding attributes from Jason.
So it's extremely simple in light of all if you just convert model or collection of models to array
and vars.
This is being converted to Jason by specifying this protected hidden field on your models and including
the column names that you would like to hide.
You are telling Lavell not to include them
so let's see what we would like to hide here.
So we probably would like to hide deleted hard
so let's go to our comment and add this protected hidden.
This has to be an array so we don't want deleted art but also we do not want commendable type us.
This is not really interesting commendable type.
So our front end doesn't really need to know because it already expects from this end point to return
comments for blog posts.
So this is totally not interesting.
What's the class name for this comment.
Now this commendable idea might also not be very useful so let's also hide it commendable idea because
this is our blog post idea and we already provided the blog post idea in the URL so we do not need that.
Okay.
After making these changes to the comment now every time you will convert our model to an array which
in this case a lot of it is doing for us it is converting our collection.
And as you remember from the last lecture that collection in turn converts every element of this collection
to an array.
Using that to Array method using this setting you are telling Lavell how this model should be converted
to an array and then to Jason.
So you are ignoring this fields so if you will make this request again now we can see that those fields
are not returned anymore.
So nothing really bad happened.
If we would return those fields that would be just excessive data then probably not anyone should ever
see.
But this has some well most important use cases is where you actually have some data on the model that
should never ever be returned back to publicly visible API so like imagine you would like to load our
user profile by having an end point.
And if you would not hide their password or remember token what you are doing is basically providing
all the user passwords through an API for let's say everyone who is viewing a user profile.
So it's really important to take a good look at what you are actually returning through your API.
If you use this simple method of serialized models or collections but I would like to remind you that
there is also are much better recommended way but that will cover later and it is called Creating resource
classes for every model and sometimes a couple of resource classes depending on what information from
a model you need.
But we will get to that later.